Update palo alto pan os help (#1064) (#1080)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: plugins/palo_alto_pan_os/help.md

Action connection type

   | Action name                       | Connection type |
   | -----------                       | -------------------- |
   | Add Address Object to Group       | Direct firewall |
   | Add External Dynamic List         | Direct firewall |
   | Add to Policy                     | Direct firewall |
   | Check if Address in Group         | Direct firewall |
   | Commit                            | Direct firewall |
   | Create Address Object             | Direct firewall |
   | Delete                            | Panorama |
   | Edit                              | Panorama |
   | Get                               | Panorama |
   | Get Addresses from Group          | Direct firewall |
   | Get Policy                        | Direct firewall |
   | Op                                | Direct firewall |
   | Remove Address Object from Group  | Direct firewall |
   | Remove from Policy                | Direct firewall |
   | Retrieve Logs                     | Direct firewall |
   | Set                               | Panorama |
   | Set Security Policy Rule          | Direct firewall |
   | Show                              | Panorama |

# Version History

> * 6.1.4 - Add information to every action is it work with Panorama or direct firewall connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 6.1.4 - Add information to every action on whether it works with Panorama or a direct firewall connection
```

Author: Fixed in latest commit
